---
title: My Tech Radar
author: Philip Cunningham
tags: radar
---

My decisions to learn different technologies have, up until very recently, been
fairly ad-hoc. I'd hear about some interesting or novel technology and bookmark
it in the back of my mind to come back to later. Unsurprisingly this approach is
riddled with flaws. For one thing, it lacks a clear strategy or structure,
making it difficult assess successes and shortcomings any larger context.

## Ansible

*trial*

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi ipsum risus,
vulputate quis semper eget, rhoncus quis neque. Mauris vitae odio neque.
Pellentesque lorem nunc, dapibus nec libero eu, facilisis.

<http://www.ansible.com>

## Apache Kafka

*trial*

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi ipsum risus,
vulputate quis semper eget, rhoncus quis neque. Mauris vitae odio neque.
Pellentesque lorem nunc, dapibus nec libero eu, facilisis.

<https://kafka.apache.org>

## Haskell

*adopt*

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi ipsum risus,
vulputate quis semper eget, rhoncus quis neque. Mauris vitae odio neque.
Pellentesque lorem nunc, dapibus nec libero eu, facilisis.

<https://www.haskell.org>

## Purescript

*assess*

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi ipsum risus,
vulputate quis semper eget, rhoncus quis neque. Mauris vitae odio neque.
Pellentesque lorem nunc, dapibus nec libero eu, facilisis.

<http://www.purescript.org>

## Rust

*assess*

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi ipsum risus,
vulputate quis semper eget, rhoncus quis neque. Mauris vitae odio neque.
Pellentesque lorem nunc, dapibus nec libero eu, facilisis.

<http://example.com>

## Snap

*assess*

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi ipsum risus,
vulputate quis semper eget, rhoncus quis neque. Mauris vitae odio neque.
Pellentesque lorem nunc, dapibus nec libero eu, facilisis.

<http://snapframework.com>

## Socket.IO

*trial*

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi ipsum risus,
vulputate quis semper eget, rhoncus quis neque. Mauris vitae odio neque.
Pellentesque lorem nunc, dapibus nec libero eu, facilisis.

<http://socket.io>
